add how to configure Secrets Backend using WI (#1691)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

- [Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud).
- A Google Cloud environment with [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) configured.
- A [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts) with the [Secret Manager Secret Accessor](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/access-control) role on Google Cloud.

> - Optional: A [JSON service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys) for the service account. *This is only required for access to Secrets Backend from local machine or when not using Workload Identity.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional: A [JSON service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys) for the service account. This is required to provide access to a secrets backend from a local machine, or when not you're using Workload Identity.
```

For more information on creating secrets in Google Cloud Secret Manager, read the [Google Cloud documentation](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/creating-and-accessing-secrets#create).

> #### Set up GCP Secret Manager locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set up Secret Manager locally
```
It appears that the correct product name is _Secret Manager_.

Author: @kwcanuck I wrote GCP because on the same page but different tabs we have the exact same heading, for AWS and for GCP. Both have a service called Secret Manager. In order to differentiate those two and add proper link I changed it. I can revert this. (for GCP: https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/secrets-backend#set-up-secret-manager-locally and for AWS https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/secrets-backend?tab=secretsmanager#set-up-secrets-manager-locally )

Reviewer: @manmeetkaur makes sense. You can keep GCP.

> 1. Add the variable `SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` in `.env` file in your Astro project. This should be the copy of the entire contents of your Service Account JSON Key file generated from GCP for the service account that will be used to access Secrets Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` variable to your Astro project `.env` file. This should include the entire contents of the service account JSON key for the service account that will be used to access Secret Manager. 
```

```text
SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT='{
  "type": "service_account",

>   "project_id": "my-project",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "project_id": "<your-project-id>",
```

>   "private_key_id": "asdfa2789234jsdhfkahyf23gg1671",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "private_key_id": "<your_private_key_id>",
```

>   "private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nmygarbledkey\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "private_key": "<your_complete_service_account_JSON_key\n",
```

  ...
}'
```
2. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile` to the set the Secrets Backend. These will set the environment variables to let Airflow read secrets from Google Secret Manager:

```text
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.google.cloud.secrets.secret_manager.CloudSecretManagerBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "gcp_keyfile_dict": $SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}'
```

> You can now run a DAG locally to check that your variables are accessible using `Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optional. Run `Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")` to run a DAG locally and confirm that your variables are accessible.
```

> #### Deploy to Astro with Secret Manager 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploy to Astro with Secret Manager using Workload Identity without a service account JSON key file (Recommended)
```

> #### Option #1 Using Workload Identity *without* Service Account JSON Key File (Recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 1. Setup Workload Identity for your Airflow Deployment as described [here](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/connect-gcp?tab=Workload%20Identity#authentication-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up Workload Identity for your Airflow Deployment. See [Connect Astro to GCP data sources](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/connect-gcp?tab=Workload%20Identity#authentication-options).
```

> 2. In your `Dockerfile` change the Backend KWARGS to add the `project-id` of the project where the Secret Manager resides as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your `Dockerfile`, update the Backend KWARGS environment variable to include the `project-id` of the project where the Secret Manager resides:
```

```text
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.google.cloud.secrets.secret_manager.CloudSecretManagerBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "project-id": "<your-secret-managet-project-id>"}'
```

> #### OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> #### Option #2 Using Service Account JSON Key File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploy to Astro using a service account JSON key file
```

> 1. We will define the `Dockerfile` as described in [Local Setup](#set-up-gcp-secret-manager-locally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the Secret Manager locally. See [Set up GCP Secret Manager locally](#set-up-gcp-secret-manager-locally)
```

> 2. Add the variable `SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` with the contents of the Service Account JSON to the Airflow Deployment on Astro either directly via the Astro Cloud UI ***or*** via Astro CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the Cloud UI or the Astro CLI to add the `SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` environment variable with the contents of the service account JSON key file to the Airflow Deployment. 
```

 
    ```sh
  
    $ astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> SECRET_VAR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT='{your-json}' --secret
    ```

> *The `.env` is only available to your local and by default not available to your Astro Cloud UI to keep secrets safe. (See [Set Environment Variables Locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/develop-project#set-environment-variables-locally))*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the security of secrets, the `.env` variable is only available in your local environment and not in the Cloud UI . See [Set Environment Variables Locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/develop-project#set-environment-variables-locally).
```

> #### Finally Deploy to Astro Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploy to Astro
```

> Run the following command to deploy to Astro Cloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to deploy to Astro:
```
